docs: document workflow loop guardrails (#7097)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/workflows/steps/foreach.md

Inside the loop, the current item is always available as `foreach.item`. You cannot customize this variable name.
::::

## Guardrails

```{applies_to}
stack: ga 9.4+
serverless: ga
```

Use loop-level guardrails to control the `foreach` step as a whole:

> * `max-iterations` prevents unexpectedly large collections from creating runaway loops. A bare number is treated as `{ limit: N, on-limit: continue }`, so the loop succeeds when the limit is reached. Use the object form with `on-limit: fail` when reaching the cap should fail the workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `max-iterations` caps how many items the loop processes and defaults to **2000** with `on-limit: continue`, so a larger collection is silently truncated unless you raise the limit or set `on-limit: fail`. A bare number is shorthand for `{ limit: N, on-limit: continue }`; use the object form with `on-limit: fail` to fail the workflow when the cap is reached.
```

foreach shares the same default `max-iterations: 2000` / `on-limit: continue` as while, so a foreach over a >2000-item array is silently truncated unless you raise the limit. `while.md` already warns about this: this brings the foreach guardrails section in line.
